[Cosmos] DiskANN updates (#38044)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/README.md

        ],
        "vectorIndexes": [
            {"path": "/vector1", "type": "flat"},
            {"path": "/vector2", "type": "quantizedFlat"},
            {"path": "/vector2", "type": "diskANN"}
        ]
    }
```

For vector index types of diskANN and quantizedFlat, there are additional options available as well. These are:

> quantizationByteSize - the number of bytes used in product quantization of the vectors. A larger value may result in better recall for vector searches at the expense of latency. This applies to index types diskANN and quantizedFlat. The allowed range is between 1 and 256, and the default value is 64.

Reviewer: Can we please make sure that guidance is same across, from JAVA

The allowed range for this parameter     * is between 1 and 3.
.NET also using the same as JAVA

Author: I wrote this down based on the exact error message that I received when testing against the account that had this enabled. Should we check with the query team on this to make sure then?

Reviewer: Here is for .NET, I see similar for JAVA as well. Idea is to be consistent across. 

https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/blob/018dd2073b4f2697069de2b3e73af7cdae876f70/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/src/Resource/Settings/VectorIndexPath.cs#L72

/cc: @kundadebdatta

> quantizationByteSize - the number of bytes used in product quantization of the vectors. A larger value may result in better recall for vector searches at the expense of latency. This applies to index types diskANN and quantizedFlat. The allowed range is between 1 and 256, and the default value is 64.

Author: ```suggestion
quantizationByteSize - the number of bytes used in product quantization of the vectors. A larger value may result in better recall for vector searches at the expense of latency. This applies to index types diskANN and quantizedFlat. The allowed range is between 1 and the minimum between 512 and the vector dimensions. The default value is 64.
```

> vectorIndexShardKey - the list of string containing the shard keys used for partitioning the vector indexes. This applies to index types diskANN and quantizedFlat.

Reviewer 2: Please add a comment indicating that the maximum allowed length of this array currently is 1 i.e. user's can only provide a single path

> indexingSearchListSize - which represents the size of the candidate list of approximate neighbors stored while building the diskANN index as part of the optimization processes. The allowed range is between 25 and 500.

Reviewer 3: Nit, but this is only available for `diskANN`, where the other two are available for both `quantizedFlat` and `diskANN`.  Not sure it's worth trying to separate more though.

```python
indexing_policy = {
        "automatic": True,
        "indexingMode": "consistent",
        "vectorIndexes": [
            {"path": "/vector1", "type": "quantizedFlat", "quantizationByteSize": 8},

>             {"path": "/vector2", "type": "diskANN", "vectorIndexShardKey": "/country/city", "indexingSearchListSize": 50}

Reviewer 2: vectorIndexShardKey is an array so an example of a valid shardKey would be -

"vectorIndexShardKey": ["/Country/City"]
